# {Component name}

{Brief 1 sentence overview}
*Example. Accordion is vertically-stacked list that allows users to expand and collapse additional content*

# Overview 
## {Variant 1 (Default)} 
{Descrition of component's variants and what are they for with a picture or actual component}

## {Variant 2} 
{Descrition of component's variants and what are they for with a picture or actual component}

## {Variant ..X} 
{Descrition of component's variants and what are they for with a picture or actual component}

## Accessability

To ensure that usage of this component complies with accessibility guidelines:

-   {Action point 1} *Example. Provide descriptive label for accordion header*
-   {Action point 2} *Example. Be aware that embedding lengthy content in an accordion can be disorienting.*
-   {Action point ..X} ...


This component has compliance with WCAG guidelines by:
{Explain what component features were created to ensure accessability} 

-  {Feature 1} *Example. Component supports keyboard interaction.*
-  {Feature 2} *Example. Component supports ARIA tags for accessability*
-  {Feature ..X} ...


# Guidelines

## Use When

-   {Use case 1} Example. Providing users more content within the same layout
-   {Use case 2} Example. Displaying content that is directly related, or supplemental, to the main subject of the page
-   {Use case ..X} ...

## Don't Use When

-   {Innapropriate usage case 1} *Example. Linking a title to another page. Instead, use [link](https://examplelink12rwrfkcvjhfndj.com)*
-  {Innapropriate usage case 2} *Example. Designing with sparse content. Instead, use [list](https://examplelink12rwrfkcvjhfndj.com)*
- {Innapropriate usage case ..X} *Example. Content is lengthy. Instead, use [tabs](https://examplelink12rwrfkcvjhfndj.com)*

##  {Component specific notes}
 {Points about component's background, type of allowed content, positionting, nesting, etc} 

## Responsiveness

{Mention how responsive is the component and which breakpoints are utilized for responsiveness} 

## Code example
{Code snippet with usage and comment} 

## Props API 
{Generated by storybook}


